---
layout: "~/components/astro/Layout.astro"
title: "Privacy Policy"
description:
  "This document explains what data is stored, why it's stored, how long it's
  stored for, how it's kept safe, and the process of viewing and deleting it."
---

This privacy policy applies to the website(s) `phasebot.xyz` and all its
associated subdomains, and our `discord.com` bot application `Phase#1862`. Uses
of "we", "us", and "our" in this document refer to this online service.

## Data Collection

Our database is used to store a variety of information to enhance the user
experience. Examples of this include:

### 1. Guild Configuration Data

When you add the bot to a server, we store the ID of the server and the ID of
the server owner in our database so it can be configured on the dashboard. When
you set up a module or change a command's default settings, we save the changes
to the guild's configuration object.

### 2. Additional Module Data

Some modules require additional data to work properly. For example, when enabled
in a guild, the Levels module needs to save the level progression data for each
user in the guild. Without this data, this module would not be possible. A few
other modules also require additional data, including Reminders and Tags.

### 3. Additional Command Data

Similarly to modules, some commands require additional data to work properly,
though most commands do not. The only commands that currently do this are the
`/afk`, `giveaway`, and `/dashboard` commands, the latter of which we'll discuss
next.

### 4. Temporary Authentication Data

If you use the `/dashboard login` command, we temporarily store a unique,
one-time, encrypted authentication code in our database. This code is used to
verify your identity and create your dashboard session cookie, then immediately
deleted afterwards. If the code is not used within 1 minute, it is automatically
deleted.

Our other authentication method, Discord OAuth2, does not require any additional
data to be stored. Once we have used your access token to verify your identity
and create your dashboard session cookie, we immediately revoke it.

## Data Retention

The data we store is used to provide you with the best possible service and to
enable the various functions of our service. We will only store data upon
running certain commands or changing dashboard settings. We will **never** store
any data that is not necessary for the bot to function. Our goal is to enhance
your experience and provide you with a personalized and efficient service.

Data is only stored for as long as necessary. If the bot is removed from a guild
for any reason, all data pertaining to that guild is immediately deleted.

## Security

We take data security very seriously. When we store your data, we make every
effort to protect it from theft, loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying,
and use. We employ a variety of security measures to safeguard your information
and ensure its confidentiality.

However, it is important to note that no electronic data transmission or storage
is completely secure, and absolute data security cannot be guaranteed. Despite
our best efforts, there is always a risk of a data breach. In such an event, we
will comply with all applicable laws and regulations to protect your information
and mitigate any potential harm.

Access to sensitive data (e.g., bot tokens, database credentials, etc.) is
strictly limited to the owner of the bot. We have strict protocols in place to
ensure that this data is never viewed, edited, shared, or published without the
express permission of the data creator. Our goal is to provide you with a secure
and trustworthy service that respects your privacy and protects your
information.

It is also important for you to take responsibility for the security of your own
data within our services. For example, never share your login credentials or
other sensitive information with anyone, and always use a strong, unique
password to protect your Discord account.

## Data Request Procedures

If you wish to have all of your data stored by us deleted or viewed, please make
a [support ticket]. We will take all necessary steps to ensure that your request
is processed in a timely and efficient manner, and we will notify you in the
ticket once your data has been deleted or is ready for viewing.

## Updates and Changes

We have the discretion to change this policy to reflect updates to our
processes, current acceptable practices, or legal or regulatory changes. If we
decide to change this policy, we will post the changes here at the same link you
are currently using to read this policy. We reserve the right to update this
policy at any time without notice.

It is important to note that we have no control over the privacy policies of any
external services that may be linked on our website. We are not affiliated with
any of the services linked on our website and cannot be held responsible for
their privacy practices.

## Last Updated

14th of July, 2024

[support ticket]: https://phasebot.xyz/redirect/discord
